feat: add patient or environmental mode flag (#420)
IKIM-Essen/uncovar: docs/user-guide/configuration.md

# Configuration

## Execution Mode

Accepted values: `patient`, `environment`. Defaults to `patient`.

Defines the execution mode of UnCoVar.

> When the mode is set to `patient`, the sample is assumed to be from a single
> host organism and contains only one strain of SARS-CoV-2. The parts of the
> workflow responsible for reconstructing this SARS-CoV-2 strain genome are activated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the mode is set to `patient`, the sample is assumed come be from a single
host organism and contains only one strain of SARS-CoV-2. The parts of the
workflow for reconstructing the SARS-CoV-2 strain genome are activated.
```
